OpenVINO ARM CPU plugin Third Party Programs File

This file contains the list of third party software ("third party programs")
contained in the Intel software and their required notices and/or license
terms. This third party software, even if included with the distribution of
the Intel software, may be governed by separate license terms, including
without limitation, third party license terms, other Intel software license
terms, and open source software license terms. These separate license terms
govern your use of the third party programs as set forth in the
"third-party-programs.txt" or other similarly-named text file.

Third party programs and their corresponding required notices and/or license
terms are listed below.

-------------------------------------------------------------

ComputeLibrary
   Copyright (c) 2017-2022 Arm Limited

MIT License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

-------------------------------------------------------------

neon_mathfun.h

/* Copyright (C) 2011  Julien Pommier
 *
 *  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
 *  warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages
 *  arising from the use of this software.
 *
 *  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
 *  including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it
 *  freely, subject to the following restrictions:
 *
 *  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not
 *     claim that you wrote the original software. If you use this software
 *     in a product, an acknowledgment in the product documentation would be
 *     appreciated but is not required.
 *  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be
 *     misrepresented as being the original software.
 *  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.
 *
 *  (this is the zlib license)
 */
 
